[Music]
Hey hearts ready for
this video because this video has
left me speechless she just sent it to me
twitter credits okay you know that she
's a follower of the channel who's
saving a lot of newspaper archives and it's that I
as always I think I've said it many
times I also say Isabel in the
mornings of es Federico I'm a
bookworm it's many times you find
things that not even I have found
this video is beastly this video is a
bomb and it's that in this this click that you're
going to see that it belongs to the newspaper archives
of sálvame from the year 2012 in sálvame María
Patiño and others were well I was going to
say insinuating but the truth
is that I think they're not estimating it I think they're
making an indication
and some very direct statements not to
Anna María to the gift of having gotten
pregnant and that the child that she has that is
not Ortega Cano's okay that it is from
this man who says he had
relations with her
coinciding with the pregnancy attentive it does
n't hurt to get tested
paternity is
very good in those cities it is very
difficult to hit the target and more so when you have just
met the person
to see the clear it makes sense what
elections say more than anything because of
just meeting that person and you don't
know how you don't know if they are reliable that is not
bad at all or anything against them it is
simply reality
a person can come to you you do not know and that
person is faithful if that person can
deceive you they can play a trick on you whatever
no longer the issue of age that I
am telling him or that well yes it is
difficult to hit the target at that age but
man if you are putting me that the other the
other option is the same well let's see what I
tell you
my goodness what a story they are going to become famous
and wow what rumors were circulating
around Anamaría at the beginning of the
relationship at the beginning that was to start
the relationship andp a pregnancy
I don't
[Music]
this could also be a theory that
fits with the date that she will get
pregnant by this man that she loses it and a
few days later like two weeks even if she
went with Ortega Cano and boom she will
stay too no [ __ ] it seems that it gives the
feeling that they are trying to say that I was looking for a belly no [Applause] [Music] well maybe they did it and we don't know it in public [Music] nothing [Applause] these episodes these episodes I want you to keep in mind that this
newspaper archive and these episodes
today are not commented on you know they are selective
when it comes to commenting and pulling from the
newspaper archive
[Applause]
snow is nothing
that by those coincidences of life
[Applause]
that cannot be
if it coincides in the essence of pregnancy of
two months
it is mine
if the date and the other coincide of course they
coincide or it cannot be mine they
cannot be mine run away run away
and I say that when in vices
[Music]
the 21st
[Applause]
the sheet
says that the first
in the manner of the telephone and desolation
on the first day that we maintained
learned from the series
beautiful things and the child
in December here puts things in his
celebration
and you are father
mother of beautiful love family what do you
think  You guys about this, the truth is that it
is a document that has left me
speechless and I'm not going to say what I think
because I really don't know if I could get
into a book if I said the reality of what I
think, but anyway, here people
were accusing Anamaria of having
known that she was pregnant by
this man and having placed the
paternity on Ortega Cano because, hey,
because he would be more interested, or because
maybe Ortega Cano was less intelligent,
who knows,
you're reading a command, a
huge hug and until the next video
[Music]